To those who loved this world...
...and knew friendly
company therein:
This Reunion is for you.
Encoded by Judas
Enjoy!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
498 Years Earlier
Why does humankind even bother?
You wreck everything
you've ever made...
...then you start over like it'll be
any different the next time.
I suppose we're no good
at facing our memories.
We'd rather gild the past...
...find something worthwhile among
the rubble and build a future with that.
And that's why you
salvaged Mother?
To "gild the past"?
We were trying to rid ourselves
of a more immediate problem.
You can't mean the stigma?
But you're the ones who brought
that on yourselves in the first place.
Well, now.
I guess you really
do have a short memory.
No. Not me.
You see, it is my choice to forget.
Two Weeks Earlier
Tseng! Look at this.
Pay dirt.
Not a pretty sight, is it?
Who cares?
Just get the damn thing.
Reno, the chopper.
You got it.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-Reno, hurry!
-Reno!
-Who the hell is that?!
Elena!
Get out!
Damn it.
The Lifestream.
That's what we call the river of life
that circles our planet...
...giving life to the world
and everything in it.
The Shinra Electric Power Company
discovered a way...
...to use the Lifestream
as an energy source.
Because of Shinra's energy, we were
able to live very comfortable lives.
But wasn't that because we were
taking away from the planet's life?
A lot of people thought so.
Shinra used their power to try and
stop anybody who got in their way.
Shinra had a special group
of warriors called SOLDIER.
And all of the SOLDIERs
had Jenova cells put inside them.
Jenova was a calamity that fell
from the sky a long, long time ago...
...and tried to destroy the planet.
Anyway, there was one SOLDIER
named Sephiroth...
...who was better than the rest.
But when he found out about the
terrible experiments that made him...
...he began to hate Shinra.
And then, over time,
he began to hate everything.
Shinra and the people
against them.
Sephiroth, who hated
the planet so much...
...he wanted to make it go away.
And the people who tried
to stop him.
There were a lot of battles.
For every battle,
there was more sadness.
Someone l love went back
to the Lifestream too.
And then, it came.
The chosen day.
In the end, the planet itself had to
make the battles stop for good.
The planet used the Lifestream
as a weapon...
...and when it burst out
of the earth...
...all the fighting,
all the greed and sadness...
...everything was washed away.
"Sadness was the price
to see it end."
It's been two years
since they told me that.
-Hey, let's go.
-Okay.
Watch it!
But it looks like the planet
is a lot madder than we thought.
They call it geostigma.
Well, Marlene? How does it look?
Please. Please don't
take Denzel away.
The commission's report released
this morning has revealed...
...that Lifestream concentration
in the atmosphere...
...has dropped to a mere hundredth
of the levels two years ago...
...and now poses no threat
to the human body.
However, the concentration
remains toxic....
He's not here anymore.
--around the Shinra Company's
main building and mako reactors.
To prevent the onset of geostigma,
the commission does advise...
...that you stay away from these
facilities and the surrounding areas.
Next up: Should Shinra be held
financially responsible for the crisis?
Cloud, where are you?
Hello, Strife Delivery Service.
You name it, we deliv--
May I ask who's calling?
Yeah, l remember you.
You got a call from Reno.
He's in Healen.
Says he's got work for you.
Cloud, how have you been?
You have no more messa--
Hey, Kadaj?
Is that where Big Brother lives?
-Yeah.
-Do you think he'll be glad to see us?
-Not a chance.
-Don't cry, Yazoo.
But Mother's with him?
Maybe not.
Don't cry, Loz.
Hold on, he's coming.
Where's Mother?
We know you hid her, Brother.
Don't tell me you're leading me on?
Because I think you do
have Mother there.
No need to shout.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
Put the president on.
Guess l was the last straw.
What up, fool, it's Barret!
I am the man!
Oil, Cloud! l just found the biggest
damned oil field you ever seen!
Surveying's done, so I should be able
to get out there and see Marlene soon.
You let her know, all right, Spiky?
Reno called again.
He says to hurry,
and he sounded kind of strange....
Be careful, okay?
Okay, so you're good.
Yeah, Rude, looking sharp!
Good. You fight like the SOLDIER
you once claimed to be.
You haven't lost your touch.
Rufus Shinra?
Do I feel sorry for you.
-The day of the explosion...
-What do you want?
-...I managed to get out...
-Who were the guys that attacked me?
-...before it colla--
-l'm leaving.
We need your assistance, Cloud.
-Not interes--
-l acknowledge that Shinra...
...owes the planet a lot.
It goes without saying
that my company and l...
...are the ones who put
the world in the sorry state it's in.
Therefore, it's our responsibility
to set things right.
I'm still out here...?
As a first step...
...we have commenced an
investigation in Sephiroth's wake.
It's been two years.
Now that the world is on its feet again,
what poses the greatest threat?
Well, that one's easy:
Geostigma.
And we have reason to think
Sephiroth is the one responsible.
The populace, they blame
mako energy, and the reactors...
...even the Lifestream
for causing the stigma.
However, isn't that
blame misplaced?
The Lifestream has existed
as long as the planet...
...and even mako energy has been
part of our lives for over 40 years.
And yet, there's no mention
of the stigma in recorded history.
So, what happened during
our time to change all that?
I can think of only one thing.
The arrival of Sephiroth.
-Sephiroth is dead.
-Yes, but has his mind died?
What if he somehow dissolved
into the Lifestream...
...coursing through
the planet undiffused?
I know it is merely my speculation...
...but it is possible, isn't it?
And we can't cure the stigma
until we know the truth.
So we took action. We went
to look for traces of Sephiroth.
We started--
Do you know where?
Yup, at the Northern Cave!
And what do you think we found?
Relax. We didn't find anything.
However, not all went as planned.
We were interrupted.
Get out!
Kadaj and his gang.
-Kadaj?
-They'll be after you as well.
-lf they haven't already found you.
-Leave me out of this.
Don't think you can keep her
from us for long.
How? Your ties to Sephiroth
run as deep as ours do, Cloud.
If Kadaj's purpose is to do what's
necessary to prepare for the moment...
...we stand in the way
as his greatest threat.
"Moment"?
Sephiroth...
-...reborn.
-Are you done talking?
Let's get to the issue at hand.
In order to combat Kadaj, we need
someone with your expertise.
Will you join us?
You're an ex-SOLDIER, Cloud.
That was only in my head.
What's this stuff about "Mother"?
Why, did Kadaj
mention something?
Rufus, if you're hiding something--
I'd never keep a secret,
not from a comrade.
You must want to learn
all you can about the stigma?
Naturally, for the sake
of those orphans you live with.
Surely, you long to see
the smiles return to their faces?
All we want in the end
is to rebuild our world, Cloud.
-But l....
-Come on, Cloud. Think about it.
Together we could rebuild Shinra!
Not interested.
-Reno!
Does Cloud live here?
I guess he does.
What's this?
It's just like Denzel! ls Cloud sick?
Why didn't he say something?
Did he leave because he's sick?
He just wants to fight alone.
-Fight?
-No.
I don't think that he will.
Tifa?
Let's go home, Marlene.
We can't! Cloud's not here yet!
I know, sweetie.
-l miss him too.
-Yeah.
So say he comes back?
We'll all go home!
Not until he gets a lecture.
Uh-huh!
Now we just gotta find Elena
and the director.
-The employees give you any leads?
-No. Nothing yet.
Who'd have thought? A lot of Shinra's
people actually returned to work!
Now that's dedication. l'm telling you,
this could be a fresh start!
Well, those left alive
have a lot to atone for.
Two years already.
Seems like a lot longer than that.
What a nightmare, huh?
The world was nearly obliterated,
and we were the obliterators.
Seriously, though. How are we
ever supposed to atone for that?
Too bad the director's not around,
you know?
Elena too.
Hope they're alive.
They are.
Tseng's just like the president.
They're kind of like cats.
Nine lives, you know.
You got that right!
Found you.
Church?
Oh, l know the one.
I'll be here.
Your call to Sector 7 cannot
be completed at this time.
Cloud, what a surprise.
You never call.
Is something wrong?
Cloud?
No, ma'am.
Well, who, then?
Why do you have Cloud's phone?
-l don't know.
-Who is this?
I don't know. Please....
I don't know what to do.
I can't do this.
Hey, are you crying?
Hello? Are you okay?!
Cloud, if you're there, pick up!
Hey!
You okay?
Boy, do I hate liars.
I apologize.
This time you'll get the truth.
The object you seek
fell from the helicopter...
...while we were running from you.
I'm afraid we were careless.
Is that right?
I swear it.
Fine. Then swear on these.
-Why did you do this?
-We need Mother's power.
The Reunion is coming
and we need her.
Reunion?
My brothers and sisters who share
Mother's cells will all assemble.
And together we'll take revenge
on the planet.
We've already sent out the invitations,
but you know.
Someone's gone and hidden
the guest of honor.
Invitations?
The stigma.
But you know all about that, sir.
Mother's memetic legacy lives on in
the Lifestream and makes it happen.
She does so much for us, and we....
We don't even know
where to find her.
But what can we do,
we're just Remnants.
Merely remnants of Mother's legacy.
Until we find Mother and receive
her cells, we can't be whole again.
Geostigma and a legacy
aren't enough.
Not for a true Reunion.
What do you mean?
But, sir, surely you've noticed?
Jeez, sorry about that.
The stigma!
Can't you people just stay indoors?!
Here.
I said l'd live out both our lives.
Easy to make that promise.
So you wanna be in SOLDIER?
Hang in there.
Hey, you doing okay?
Well, what are you gonna do
once we get to Midgar?
We're friends, right?
Pops, park us over by the rocks!
Cloud, ride's over!
My honor, my dreams...
...they're yours now.
You'll be my living legacy.
I swore that l would never forget.
I tried.
But l....
Don't pretend you're sad.
Why tremble with anger
that's not even there?
Face it, Cloud.
All you are is an empty puppet.
Wanna play?
I guess that's a no.
Where's Mother?
Gross.
-Hey, where's Mother?
-There's no one here!
Fine. Play with me.
This'll be fun.
Tifa!
She's not here.
I'm not crying!
No, I got it. I'll bring the girl.
Where were we?
Cloud....
Just run!
Sorry about before.
Thank you.
Sure.
My little brother....
Well, he's gone.
I see.
Hey, I know you've got it too.
Come on, they'll fix us.
Tifa?
Tifa!
You're late....
Who did this?
He didn't say.
Marlene?!
Damn!
You know, you're pretty heavy.
Weren't there some kids
living with you?
Because they ain't here.
You don't care?
I just....
You're a real handful.
Tifa said to take you home, kid.
Grab on.
So who's gonna fix us?
I don't know.
Whatever. Like it matters anymore.
Look at what Brother was hiding.
Powers forged in the Lifestream.
With this materia,
those powers will be ours.
So those are a gift from Mother?
Yeah, gotta be.
Then Brother's hiding Mother too?
No, it's that Shinra guy.
Keeping her hidden is something
they've always been very good at.
Then all we gotta do
is check everywhere...
...that's got anything
to do with Shinra.
But we'll have plenty of help soon.
Boy, l can't wait.
But first,
we need a word with Brother.
He likes to pretend
he's not part of the family.
How he breaks my heart.
Yeah.
Reno and Rude are out looking.
You have geostigma, don't you?
You're gonna give up and die.
Is that it?
So it is.
There's no cure.
Yeah, but that's not
stopping Denzel, is it?
Don't run. Let's fight it together.
We can help each other,
I know we can.
I guess that only works
for real families.
Tifa...
...l'm not fit to help anyone.
Not my family, not my friends.
Nobody.
Dilly-dally, shilly-shally....
I think she wants you
to move on, man.
Did you find them?
No, only a witness.
Kadaj's gang took the kids.
-Where are they?
-They're at their base now.
The Forgotten City.
Mother has given me
a very special gift:
The power to fight...
...against a planet
that torments humanity!
She gave this gift to all her children.
That's right.
You and I are brethren.
Brothers and sisters chosen...
...when we inherited Mother's memetic
legacy through the Lifestream.
But...
...the planet doesn't
approve of that at all.
It's doing everything it can
to hold us back.
That's why it's racking our bodies with
pain and filling our hearts with doubt!
Now I shall heal you.
And we will go to Mother together!
We will join as a family
and strike back at the planet!
Do as l do.
Denzel.
Denzel!
See, Mother?
All my new brothers and sisters!
They can keep me company,
just until I find you.
You came.
Even though you're about to break.
That's a good sign.
So...
...why did you come?
I think I want to be forgiven.
Yeah. More than anything.
By who?
-l'm glad you could make it.
-l only came for the kids.
See this man? He's our big brother.
But alas...
...in our happy flock...
...he's what you'd call
a black sheep.
Cloud!
See, l knew l'd be no help.
Vincent. What do you know
about this?
I come here often.
I've seen what Kadaj's group
is doing.
The stigma.
It's a symptom of alien matter
infesting the body.
The body tries to eliminate it
and overcompensates.
Inside our bodies is a current,
like the Lifestream.
That current is what fights off
any malevolent intruders.
What do you mean by "intruder"?
The Sephiroth gene.
Jenova's memetic legacy.
Call it what you want.
You're well-informed.
Tseng and Elena.
They were brought here half-dead.
They must have been
brutally tortured.
I did what I could
to save them, but....
Well, we'll see.
Tortured?
They had it coming.
They got their hands
on Jenova's head.
Then when Kadaj says
he's looking for "Mother"....
Heaven's dark harbinger.
The calamity, Jenova.
If they wanted to,
they could re-create Sephiroth.
Kadaj....
What is he?
I'd rather not know.
Marlene!
Cloud! Denzel and Tifa!
Tifa is all right.
I wanna talk to her!
May I?
You don't have a phone?
Vincent, will you bring
Marlene to Tifa?
I'm gonna go see Shinra
and get a few answers.
-l can't do that.
-But l--
Forget it, Cloud!
Why don't you ever pay
any attention to us?
Marlene, please give me some time.
There's a battle to be fought...
...but it's not as simple
as just fighting it. Understand?
No, I don't!
Cloud, you sure
this is about fighting?
Where are they?
They're at their base now.
The Forgotten City.
Go.
-l have to talk to Rufus.
-Stop running!
I know.
Even if you find the kids,
you might not be able to help them.
Maybe something will happen
that can never unhappen.
That scares you, doesn't it?
But you need to really
think about now.
Look at you! You think
you've got it so damn hard.
Well, you hate being alone,
so let people in!
Sure, you might not
answer the phone...
...but l don't see you
throwing it away either!
You go. The base is all yours.
Which is it?
A memory, or us?
But I let you die.
Dilly-dally, shilly-shally.
Isn't it time you did the forgiving?
Are sins ever forgiven?
I've never tried.
You mean....
Never tried....
Marlene, let's go.
Well, l'm gonna try.
I'll phone in the verdict.
lt's me, Reeve.
How's work going?
I saw your flyer. How in the world
do you stay in business?
You never change, Cloud.
I was thinking about helping you out,
but I guess l'll call back another time.
-Goodbye for now.
-Surprise! lt's me, Yuffie.
So, hey, all the kids are suddenly
missing from Wutai. Weird.
Have you heard anything about it?
Give me a ring and fill me in, okay?
I never blamed you, not once.
You came for me.
That's all that matters.
-Hey, you listening?
-What have you done with these kids?
Denzel!
Denzel! Denzel!
And what are we up to?
We know. Mother is here.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, this thing....
Monument thing? Shinra made it.
So you think we hid her here?
-Did you?
-Why ask us?
Where we hid her is classified info.
Seems you do have
something to hide.
Rude, you and your big mouth!
Does it hurt?
A bit. But not as bad as Denzel's.
Is there a cure?
I don't know.
After all you did.
You've been trying so hard
to find a cure for Denzel.
You knew about that?
Cloud, you should clean off
your desk once in a while.
Maybe I should.
So is that why? Is that the reason
why you had to leave, Cloud?
Because you couldn't fix Denzel?
Or because you have
the sickness too?
I just thought
I couldn't care for myself.
Let alone anyone else.
How you supposed
to look after your family...
...if you can't even
look after yourself?
Or at least Daddy says so.
Cloud, don't give up.
In the past, you've always looked
after me. You and Denzel and Tifa.
You were there whenever
I needed you.
Well, now it's my turn.
Say, Kadaj.
I've got a question for you.
I've got an answer.
You told me that you needed Jenova
cells in order to be whole again, right?
What did you mean by that?
Him. He's coming back.
Sephiroth.
The nightmare.
So they say.
You mean....
I've never known Sephiroth.
I just.... I sense him there.
It's unbearable...
...to think Mother might want
Sephiroth more than....
Poor little Remnant.
It doesn't matter who she picks!
You'll all meet the same end!
Mother came to this planet
after a long journey.
To rid the cosmos of fools like you!
But you know as well as I do...
...nothing's changed
since she got here.
I have to change it.
To make her happy!
If Mother willed it,
I'd do anything for her!
The nightmare returns.
As long as you exist, the nightmares
will come again and again.
The Lifestream courses
through our world...
...ever flowing between
the edge of life and death.
If that cycle is the very truth of life...
...then history, too,
will inevitably repeat itself.
Go on, bring your Jenovas
and your Sephiroths.
Cause trouble
till your heart's content.
We'll do as life mandates,
we promise.
We won't let you win and stop you.
Please, sir, is that your excuse
for going after Mother yourself?
You don't seem all that sorry.
Sorry?
The truth is, l actually enjoy it.
Good. Then let's put
an end to all this.
Denzel, we've got to get away!
-Hello....
-Hell, no.
Is it after us?
I'm not looking!
Are we having fun yet?
The time of my life.
When are you gonna call it a day!?
What?
Just as soon as you give back Mother,
that'll be the end of everything.
Punks.
What do you need
Jenova's head for?
Forget your little Reunion
and get a grip!
All we want is to be with Mother!
Mother will know. When she gets here,
she'll decide what's best.
Now, where's Mother?
Mother, shmother.
It's Jenova's frigging head!
-Hey!
-Don't refer to Mother that way.
You meanie!
Our apologies.
Your ma's cool--
What the hell am l saying?!
Tifa?
Son of a bitch!
You look after Momma.
Barret!
Marlene better be safe, huh?
We can handle this!
So who's been touching
my materia?
The bad guys, naturally.
Ooh!
Who's that?
She's a beaut!
My Shera, the latest model!
I'll give you the grand tour
afterward!
Where can I buy a phone?
-Who's he?
-They're our friends.
Denzel, can you make it to the bar?
Enough!
Tifa!
Denzel!
Cloud!
Sorry that it took me so long.
It's all right.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Marlene will be safe.
I took her home.
I feel lighter.
Maybe I lost some weight.
All that dilly-dallying.
I'm gonna go back to see Marlene,
okay, Cloud? We'll wait for you!
Hey, Cloud. See you there, right?
I gotta do this!
The hell you been?
This is too fun, sir!
Any requests for the next act?
-Mother?
-A good son would have known.
Alley-oop!
Giddyap!
There you go!
Fly!
No giving up!
Ready?
Mother!
-Sir, no!
Sir.
You losers are chasing
the wrong guy!
Rude!
No, no, no! Don't do this to me!
Hey, Rude! You're all right!
Yeah. l'm just peachy.
Hey, guys!
Hey, partner.
This thing got any bite to it?
Shinra technology at its finest.
Oh, so you made this.
If nothing else, it's flashy.
Oh, good.
You love it. l know.
Looks like today
we're clocking out early.
Mother!
Let's go, Cloud.
Brother. I'm with her at last.
So, what's gonna happen now?
Mother's going to tell me.
I guess a Remnant
wouldn't really know.
So what if I'm a puppet?
Once upon a time...
...you were too!
Cloud, l brought you materia!
-Hey, watch it!
-Yo, Cid! Park this turkey!
Shut up! You want off?
Then jump! Get off my back!
He can handle this alone.
Kadaj is a Remnant of Sephiroth.
Think of him as
a sort of larval form.
Larva? You mean he's an insect!
Lassie, shut your gob.
So the punk's gonna
become Sephiroth.
Vincent, does Cloud
know about Kadaj?
One would think.
Then you're right.
It's his fight now.
Why, l don't get it?
Why can't we help out!?
This is man talk.
Sexist! Sexist!
Crikey, lass, shut yer mooth!
The men don't get it either.
Two years ago...
...think of the strength we all had
when we fought that last battle.
It's only been a couple years...
...but already that feeling is gone.
But Cloud,
I think he's found it again.
He's got 1 0 minutes.
That Cloud's a royal pain
in the ass, like always.
Cloud is Cloud.
My Reunion.
Bet you're dying to watch.
Good to see you, Cloud.
Your geostigma is gone?
That's too bad.
Sephiroth, what do you want?
The last thoughts
of geostigma's dead.
Those Remnants will join the
Lifestream and girdle the planet...
...choking it, corroding it.
What l want, Cloud...
...is to sail the darkness of the cosmos
with this planet as my vessel...
...just as my mother did long ago.
Then one day we'll find
a new planet...
...and on its soil we'll create
a shining future.
What about this planet?
Well, that's up to you.
Is it her?
Where did you find this strength?
I'm not about to tell you!
I've thought of
a wonderful present for you.
Shall l give you despair?
On your knees!
I want you to beg for forgiveness.
Is this the pain
you felt before, Cloud?
Let me remind you.
This time, you won't forget.
Tell me what you cherish most.
Give me the pleasure
of taking it away?
So what if it looks hopeless?
If it were me, l still wouldn't give up.
Embrace your dreams.
And, whatever happens,
protect your honor as SOLDlER!
Well, okay,
you never made SOLDIER.
But it's what's in here that counts.
Zack?
Well? You need a hand with him?
You already beat him once,
didn't you?
-This should be a cinch.
-Yeah.
Cloud. You know what l told you.
That's right.
I am your living legacy.
I pity you. You just don't get it at all.
There's not a thing l don't cherish!
Stay where you belong.
In my memories.
I will never be a memory.
Brother....
Kadaj?
You don't have to hang on
any longer.
Mother, is that...?
Everyone's waiting, if you're ready.
We're cured!
-Oh, yeah, we rock!
-See, what'd l tell you fools?
That's my boy, Cloud!
You're the chips and gravy.
A little push is what he needs,
that's all!
Y'all calm down,
hang on to your britches!
Somehow l knew you were there.
Thank you.
We'll go together....
Together, we'll play....
Cloud!
He'll come back.
He said that he would.
Let's go!
Mother?
Again? Why is everyone
calling me their mother lately?
I guess they must be fond of you.
This one's a little too big to adopt.
Tough luck, friend. Sounds like
you don't have a place here.
It's like she said: "Wait here
and Cloud will come back."
Welcome back!
I'm back.
There are still children
with the stigma.
Yeah.
Hey, let's get you fixed up.
Come on, l'm here.
It's okay.
-Last one in is a rotten egg!
-lt's working!
You see? Everything's all right.
I know.
I'm not alone.
Not anymore.
Is this somebody's grave?
No.
This is where a hero
began his journey.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org